---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "Learn about Metabus with AlphaFace"
categories: AlphaFace
tag: [metabus, What is Metabus?, Definition of Metabus, Studying Metabuses, The advent of Metabus, Metabus Features]
toc: true
---


  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


# What is Metabus?

Metabus is a combination of the English words "meta" meaning "virtual" and "superior" and "Universe" meaning the universe, referring to a three-dimensional virtual world in which social, economic, and cultural activities such as the real world take place.

Metabus is a concept that is one step more advanced than virtual reality (VR, a state-of-the-art technology that allows people to experience real life in a computer-generated virtual world), and it is characterized by not only enjoying games or virtual reality but also social and cultural activities.


## The advent of Metabus

Metabus is a concept that first appeared in 1992 when American science fiction writer Neil Stephenson mentioned in the novel "Snow Crash", in which Metabus refers to a virtual world that can only be entered through avatars. Then, the 3D virtual reality-based "Second Life" game released by Linden Lab in 2003 became popular and metaverse became widely known.

In particular, metaverse began to spread in the situation of 5G commercialization of high-speed, ultra-connected, and ultra-low delay and the COVID-19 pandemic that hit the world in 2020.

In other words, with the commercialization of 5G, technologies that can implement virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and mixed reality (MR) have developed, and metaverse is drawing attention as non-face-to-face and online trends spread due to the COVID-19 incident.

## Metabus Features

Metabuses are often confused with existing platforms or applications. There are five unique characteristics that are differentiated from other contents, which are called 5C.

1) Canon view of the world
2) Creator
3) Digital Currency
4) Continuity of the day
5) Connectivity

Among them, digital currency, daily extension, and connection have already become technically common through the popularization of smartphones and electronic finance. If you add the worldview and the creator to this, it becomes a metaverse, so the worldview and the existence of the creator are important to the current metaverse flow. The core of the metaverse economy is to incorporate everyday life into a different worldview from daily life and show it to consumers through the imagination of creators to confuse the real and virtual worlds.

So the most important point of Metabus is how immersed and realistic consumers feel in this worldview.



  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}