---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "Development of AI"
categories: AI
tag: [Development of AI, The advancement of artificial intelligence., AI home appliances, AI voice recognition, Expectations and concerns about AI]
toc: true
---

  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


# Development of AI and artificial intelligence.

Artificial intelligence (AI) home appliances continue to evolve. Home appliances that used to operate buttons and switches recognize voices, enable conversation with people, and now they even analyze people's lifestyles and provide customized services.

Artificial intelligence home appliances developed in the field of artificial intelligence platforms are one of the platforms based on artificial intelligence technologies such as voice recognition, natural language processing, and recommendation. It serves to process user requests for the purpose of providing services to various devices such as speakers we commonly know.

For example, when a user asks about the weather, the artificial intelligence speaker listens to the request and sends it to the cloud. And artificial intelligence understands the user's commands and informs the weather, which is the appropriate result, so we listen to today's weather through artificial intelligence speakers.

Large companies are all eager to build artificial intelligence platforms. The core of competitiveness to gain an upper hand in the market is now moving from smartphones to artificial intelligence and expanding.

As AI and artificial intelligence technologies develop further in the future, how to apply them to products will be an important part.


## AI home appliances.

The biggest feature of the artificial intelligence platform is its voice-based user interface. Previously, users communicated with machines using input devices such as mice and keyboards, but now they have reached the point of talking with machines and voice, giving commands and receiving them.

Artificial intelligence voice recognition is attracting attention as a symbol of the era of artificial intelligence platforms as an interface that enables understanding and conversation of each other's language at the point of contact between machines and people.

The interface of the artificial intelligence platform is not limited to speakers, but is expanding to our smartphones and cars.

In particular, AI home appliances with customized artificial intelligence services have recently received enthusiastic responses day after day. The operating profit of artificial intelligence appliances sold by large companies is rising to a large figure, and in a few years, artificial intelligence appliances will occupy a lot of space in our kitchens.


## Expectations and concerns.

Artificial intelligence platforms are permeating into PCs and smartphones containing our most important information. Smart speakers and several apps can be found on smartphones now, but they are being used in various areas in the future and are under development.

Due to the nature of artificial intelligence that can be used anywhere, we can look forward to its use in places and objects that have not been used before. Artificial intelligence platforms can enter wherever market opportunities are created, such as where we stay and where we need help.

As these technologies make our daily lives comfortable, technology must be aware of the information of users and their surrounding environments in order to play a role. Therefore, it is true that it is difficult to shake off inconveniences such as privacy issues and ethical issues.

Discussions on privacy and ethical issues needed in the new era should become more active, and should be followed at the corporate and individual levels.

  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}