---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "What is AlphaFace?"
categories: AlphaFace
tag: [alphaface, AI test, alphago, Artificial intelligence]
toc: true
---

  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>

# What is AlphaFace?

Alpha Face provides fun to anyone anytime, anywhere and gives them the pleasure of using AI. Under the theme of artificial intelligence, which only feels difficult, we can provide and use it not only for our daily lives but also for fun.

Although it differs greatly from other artificial intelligence platforms in terms of usefulness, it plays a role in understanding requests from various users such as devices and mobile devices and sending appropriate values and expands the influence of artificial intelligence platforms in terms of enjoyment and curiosity as well as real life.


## AlphaGo, do you remember AlphaGo?

You will remember the match between AlphaGo in 2016 and Lee Se-dol, a Korean Go professional player. It drew attention as a historical confrontation and was also produced as a movie, creating numerous topics such as the confrontation between humans and artificial intelligence and the confrontation between culture and science.

AlphaGo CEO Demis Hersabis said after the competition that artificial intelligence will help humans pioneer new areas of knowledge, discover truth, and solve problems, and has since expanded to all areas of society, including disease diagnosis and health care, new drug development, climate change prediction, autonomous vehicles, and smartphone personal assistants.

As such, the final destination of artificial intelligence development is becoming an essential element of our daily lives, not just convenient functions and games, and AlphaFace wants to make this artificial intelligence feel a little closer and easier.


## What AlphaFace pursues.

The periodic functions that AlphaFace provides and pursues are fun and enjoyment through artificial intelligence. Encourage everyone to participate in the service without any restrictions to help AI and artificial intelligence understand and experience easily.

After all, AlphaFace pursues small happiness with people through artificial intelligence.


## Function of AlphaFace.

Using Google's Teachable Machine feature, AI utilizes artificial intelligence features that extract information learned through facial recognition and provide related content.

Due to the utilization of this feature, all photos and information used are not stored, and all content is provided free of charge.


## The accuracy of the AlphaFace test.

It provides services through periodic updates, error correction, and AI learned with numerous images. However, we confirmed that it is difficult to judge inaccurate information and unlearned information.

It's good to focus on the fun and joy pursued by AlphaFace.

You can find better content through your feedback and opinions.


## Feedback and opinions.

We will not close the communication window for better content and accuracy. Please share and deliver related feedback, ideas, and opinions through e-mail.


  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}