---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "3 ways to increase your favorability to the other personally"
categories: AlphaFace
tag: [likability, How to increase your interest, Raise your interest in the other person, favorability]
toc: true
---

  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>




# How to increase interest?

In conclusion, feeling likable is a 'good thing'. You can feel a variety of things, such as attractive appearance or the person's behavior or atmosphere.

As an example, I can conclude that it is literally good to increase your favorability because you are more likely to lead to a relationship with someone who likes you, and you can be a good friend or team even if you are not in a relationship.

Liability refers to the degree to which you feel good about an object in the Korean dictionary.

In advertising, it is mainly used to mean a good feeling that consumers feel about products, models, and companies, and in other words, it means "feeling good." Liability, a good state of mind in which attention or interest is directed toward a specific person or object, is used in a good sense to give attention in a positive sense.

It has become a very important point for us to like someone in our lives. This is because giving favor to the other person on a daily or socially basis can be a trust relationship and receiving attention in a good sense.

Then, how can I increase the likeability?


## How to increase interest. 1. "Consideration".

Consideration is simply putting yourself in the other person's shoes. There is a common saying that people who empathize better are more considerate, which is similar but different.

Being considerate of the other person must come from the heart of one's own, and it should not be a partial forced empathy.

I think the words of Bogam in mind to be embarrassed by other people's ugly things, to be happy with others' good things, to save others' risks in case of an emergency, and to explain the consideration itself well.

In fact, consideration in the ultimate sense is very difficult, so you can start with "small consideration."

It's important to make up your mind to start with a small interest and a small consideration.


## How to increase interest in others. 2. Smile.

Everyone knows that people who smile well are more likely to be liked than people with dark expressions or people who frown.

But in general, we can look back on ourselves, who make dark faces like usual habits.

Regardless of the beauty of your basic appearance, think carefully about whether you can get a good impression on your face and talk less.

You have to smile well. I'm not saying to look easy. You should provide comfort to your opponent and not hit the wall on your opponent. That way, you can get closer and get likable.


## How to increase interest. 3. "Evaluation".

Basically, the step of evaluating the degree of favorability is before knowing the person.

Of course, there are times when you get to know a little, but everyone knows how much the first impression affects your liking. In this case, favorability often depends on the evaluation of people around you.

Be sensitive to surrounding evaluations. Nice, diligent, well-mannered. You have to act well so that you can receive evaluation such as evaluation.

This is not to say that you should live with awareness of others unconditionally. You have to start with the fundamental thing to do well in your usual behavior.

Being kind, nice, and well-mannered to others is a natural way of behaving as a member of society.

Not only show good performance to those who get favorability, but also to those around you.


## AI favorability test.

This is an additional comment, but there is an AI favorability test provided by Alpha Face.

This is only an artificial intelligence assessment of the favorability of "look," so you can laugh once and pay attention to it with curiosity.

However, Alpha Face's favorability evaluation extracts results by judging the atmosphere and the evaluator's expression.

Artificial intelligence also evaluates with atmosphere and facial expressions, and it should be understood with basic common sense that atmosphere and facial expressions, which are the criteria for evaluating in real human relationships, are one of the big evaluation factors.



  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}