---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "Advantages of AI and artificial intelligence"
categories: AI
tag: [ai, Artificial intelligence, Strengths of ai, ai Automation, AI optimization, AI Convenience, The future of artificial intelligence, Artificial intelligence jobs]
toc: true
---

  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


# Advantages of AI and artificial intelligence.

Artificial intelligence has advantages and disadvantages, but in this posting, we will learn more about the advantages.

In our daily lives, interest in the future of artificial intelligence is exploding in our specialized fields. Expectations for use are also growing as artificial intelligence is used, and as a simple example, it can be seen as a great advantage in that it solves incurable disease treatment, disaster rescue, etc. instead and handles difficult and dangerous tasks.

In particular, we expect that many artificial intelligence products, such as kiosk machines and unmanned vending machines, have recently been used for convenience in our daily lives and that more diverse artificial intelligence-related products and supplies will emerge in the future.

Specifically, let's check what benefits and advantages the use of artificial intelligence have for us.


## Artificial intelligence automation.

The biggest advantage of artificial intelligence is automation. When artificial intelligence is applied in factories or places where dangerous work is needed, artificial intelligence, which performs as educated, handles difficult and difficult tasks instead. From a company's point of view, it can handle large-scale tasks quickly and handle them at low cost and high efficiency.

This automation can produce better results than what non-professionals do, which can narrow the gap between experts and non-professionals.


## Optimization of artificial intelligence.

Artificial intelligence produces the best and most reasonable results among the vast number of cases.

It is possible to optimize because it is fast and can be operated first only with the necessary functions because it is determined by comparing which tasks should be handled first among urgent and busy tasks.


## Artificial intelligence convenience.

Robotic vacuum cleaners, smart cars, and smart keys are already widely used in our daily lives.

Under any circumstances, if you ask for help as you want, artificial intelligence takes care of things for our convenience.


## What's the advantage of artificial intelligence in the future?

Objectively, artificial intelligence has great advantages such as fast calculation speed, memory, and accuracy compared to humans. You can remember and search astronomical numbers of dates, and handle tasks 365 days a year without interruption. Now, without computers and artificial intelligence, our human civilization cannot be explained.

In addition, it is very difficult to build high-rise buildings, and it can demonstrate more than human abilities in disaster rescue sites such as fire suppression and earthquakes. It also helps treat diseases such as incurable diseases, and artificial intelligence robots can be put into the field to treat people when infectious diseases occur.

If artificial intelligence is more active in the future, it will require manpower to develop and manage, and there is also a prospect that it will create jobs because more experts are needed to input expertise in each field into artificial intelligence. For example, if you add knowledge about farming to artificial intelligence information, you need someone who can manage and handle this artificial intelligence.

On the contrary, there are predictions of losing jobs, but there are also evaluations that the prospects for the development of new jobs and subsequent job creation are good.

What artificial intelligence perception has in common is that as a result, it should be a beneficial and happy direction for our people.


  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}