---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "A way to find 100% charm easily"
categories: AlphaFace
tag: [charm, find charm, How to find charm, find my hidden charm, test my own charm]
toc: true
---


  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


# How to find my charm

In reality, it is true that the society we live in emphasizes and values appearance attractiveness.

The word "appearanceism" is not a word for nothing, and society is pointing it out, but it is not easy to correct it because it is real and true.

Just by turning on TV, we can see handsome and pretty people in advertisements, dramas, and movies, and this is the standard of beauty.

But is this the only thing that makes you attractive?

No, think about it.

You've probably seen a lot of "handsome, pretty, but unlikable" people around you or celebrities.

Or he might have thought, "You look great, but you're not my ideal type."

From these experiences and facts, attractiveness is not absolute, but relative.

Let's find out how to find this relative charm, this personal charm.

## How to find charm 1

'Find your own positive side.'

When you are in various media standards and people, such as pointing out your appearance to make you laugh or by looking at only one side, you unknowingly believe their words and opinions.

In the part where they say no, they believe that they are not, but in the process, they lose confidence and can't find their "real self."

Is it right that the standards set by others are your standards?

In order to know your charm, you should think positively first and not be swayed by the standards set by others.

## How to find charm 2

Change your mind of choice.'

To put it simply, it means to throw away the way you choose only one of the two answers, A and B.

Anyone has a shortcoming, but an example is the extreme alternative idea that they feel is not attractive at all just because they have some shortcomings.

You can feel the pressure to be perfect, but not everyone is perfect.

Think of anyone in your head and find your shortcomings. There are hundreds and thousands of things you can find to force yourself to find the shortcomings.

We all have our own strengths and weaknesses.

Throw away the idea of choosing between two or three options and find your "charm" and "strength" in the process and turn it into your own "real charm."

## Finding Artificial Intelligence's Hidden Charm

It's not easy to find your own charm.

Thinking about it for a day or two doesn't mean that the answer is clear.

I want to ask people around me, but I'm embarrassed and embarrassed to ask because their opinions are not accurate.


Then, why don't you ask artificial intelligence about your charm?

Artificial intelligence learned from Google Data finds its hidden charm.

You don't have to try it.

The process of finding yourself is the most important.

I'll put a link right below. I hope it helps you a lot.

<a href="https://alphaface-ai.com/hiddenface/">Go to test your hidden charms</a>





  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}