---
layout: single
comments: true
title:  "5 Favorite Conversation Skills"
categories: AlphaFace
tag: [Good feeling, method of conversation, favorable conversation method, conversational skill]
toc: true
---

  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- 상단 2개 -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="7442206282"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>



# favorable conversation method

As we live, we meet with countless people and get opportunities to talk. Even if you talk every day, the meaning can vary greatly depending on how you communicate.

Good conversations create relationships and create happy daily lives.

Expressing your thoughts and communicating them becomes a very special tool. Words can sound completely different depending on the intonation, mood, expression, listener's mood, psychological state, place of speech, and time, so you may be liked and disliked by every little word.

We have summarized the conversation methods that are very important in life, especially those that are favorable to people.


## 1) Become a good listener

A good speaker is a good listener.

When you look at people with good reputation, they are quiet, and there are many people who know how to listen to others.

You have to understand the purpose of the conversation and listen to the other person well according to the criteria. It's not a good idea to think about what to answer before the other person finishes speaking.

You should be immersed in the other person's words and refrain from unnecessary questions or words.


## 2) Empathy and affirmation

Everyone feels secure and friendly in empathizing with their feelings.

"Why do you look so pale?" Rather, "I guess you're having a hard time these days. As expected, those who are capable are different.It's better to make positive comments like this.

Appropriate exclamations, responses, and careful opinions are very favorable to you as a person to listen to the conversation.


## 3) Don't make mistakes

There are rules for conversations that make you like them.

"Never interrupting the other person."

"Not monopolizing the conversation."

It's the easiest, but it's also the most difficult. You can reduce mistakes in conversation by adjusting the order of conversation and the amount of words you say, such as not changing the subject arbitrarily.


## 4) Humility

Everyone wants to show their strengths in front of others. However, if you don't control these needs, you'll get stuck in your image as an unfavorable person and uncomfortable person to talk to.

Keep in mind that there is a big difference between inner confidence and external arrogance.

It can make you feel distant to someone who seems too perfect, so it will make you feel friendly to talk about your shortcomings and failures.


## 5) Praising

Everyone wants to praise those who praise themselves.

Therefore, praising others is the same as praising me. Everyone has their own strengths. Find it and praise it with all your heart.

I'm not asking for false or forced praise.

Psychological studies have shown that people feel more favorable than when they hear criticism or later compliments.

Make everyone around you happy with a friendly way of talking.





  <!-- Google addsense -->
  <script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-2367691231152778"
    crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
  <!-- alphaface.footer.add -->
  <ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-client="ca-pub-2367691231152778" data-ad-slot="8141421734"
    data-ad-format="auto" data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
  <script>
    (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  </script>


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ page.url | absolute_url }};";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}";; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://alphafaceblog.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}